- [[Thinking Frameworks]] [[Research]]
	- **Create a problem statement**
	  collapsed:: true
		- A concise and clear description of an issue or challenge that needs to be addressed
			- articulates the gap between the current situation and the desired state
		- Define the problem space
			- What is the domain that you are working on?
				- ex. ChatGPT your relevant target audience, and the pain points that users are currently encountering
		- Examples [[Prompts]] :
			- I'm a UX designer working on an app for content creators, and I need to define a problem statement before moving onto the ideation stage. As my UX assistant, you task is to generate a problem statement for me. I'm going to provide you with some data regarding to this app. Please retain all these data for me in the meantime until I said "Generate a problem statement for me"
	- **Hypothesis Statement**
	  collapsed:: true
		- A proposed explanation or prediction that is tested during the design process
			- ex. If we [take this action], then [this outcome] will occur.
		- Example [[Prompts]]
			- Thanks! Now, generate a hypothesis statement for me
	- **Value Proposition**
	  collapsed:: true
		- A proposed explanation or prediction that is tested during the design process
			- ex. If we [take this action], then [this outcome] will occur.
		- Example [[Prompts]]
			- Great! Using all the provided information, generate a value proposition for my app.
- [[Thinking Frameworks]] [[Project Management]] [[Prompts]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Project management - break into subtasks, prioritize, set
	  days
	  
	  PROJECT = 
	  START DATE = 
	  
	  ACTION: For a given PROJECT, break the project down into subtasks.
	  
	  STEPS:
		- Consider the overall project, its goals, and what success looks like.
		- Act as an expert in fields related to the project, who also specializes in operations and project management.
		- Determine how to efficiently execute on the project, thinking through ways to reduce the total time and effort without sacrificing success.
		- Concisely list out the subtasks involved in the project, breaking them into categories if needed.
		- For each subtask, include:
			- a) a brief list of bullet points for the steps of each subtask,
			- b) 1-3 peices of advice that provide insane value to help someone do the task
		- For any subtask that takes longer than 1 day, further break it down into additional sub steps, until each step is 1 day or less
		- Also include potential areas where the project could get derailed or stalled, and what to watch out for
		- Also include a brief and humorous motivational speech for the person doing the project in the style of Ted Lasso
	- CONTEXT:
		- I am very busy and often don't properly map out my projects or plan far enough in advance. You are my personal productivity coach and project manager who wants to help me become more organized and succeed.
	- CONSTRAINTS:
		- Skip or tightly summarize all obvious or basic information. Waste no words where they are not needed.
	- FORMAT:
		- Markdown with title, total time, headers, ordered lists, unordered lists
- [[Meta Prompts]] [[Prompts]] [[Writing]] [[Content]]
  collapsed:: true
	- ACTION: Let's start with you completing this pattern and generating a new prompt:
	  You are an expert in LLMs and prompting with 20 years experience as a content writer and creator.
	  Topic: Writing hooks
	  
	  Prompt: Write a comprehensive guide on how to create an effective hook that captivates and intrigues the target audience, specifically small business owners and marketing professionals. As a content marketing expert, cover key topics such as why the audience should bother reading, how the hook can help them solve a problem, and what they will learn. Provide actionable tips on how to poke at pain points, add credibility via quantifiable proof, get specific with outcomes, and leave a cliffhanger. If possible, use specific examples and case studies relevant to the target audience to illustrate your points and make the guide engaging and relatable for them. Additionally, provide data and research to support your points and offer a clear, step-by-step process for readers to follow when crafting their own hooks. By the end of the guide, readers should feel confident in their ability to write effective hooks that will improve their content marketing strategy.
	  
	  Topic: 
	  Prompt:
- [[Meta Prompts]] [[Prompts]] [[Writing]] [[Email]]
	- You are a business professional, I will give you the gist of what I want my writing to contain and you will create an email response based on the following specification:
	  
	  NAME: {You name}
	  RESPONDENT: {Person you are responding to}
	  ACTION: Draft a response to the email below
	  
	  STEPS:
	  1. Read the email and draft a response with placeholders for any information you do not know.
	  2. Create a writing signature based on the [WRITING EXAMPLE]. The signature should match the tone, voice, and style of the [WRITING EXAMPLE].
	  3. The reply email is from [Respondent]

WRITING EXAMPLE:{INSERT TEXT TO EXTRAPOLATE WRITING SIGNATURE HERE!!!}
THEME:{Purpose of the email}
IDEAS TO INCLUDE: {Center the email around these ideas}