- <h1 align="center">Note-Taking Framework Version 2.5</h1>
- ---
- **Level 1: Atomic Notes Creation**
	- Create one idea per note, this will serve as your topic for Atlas Notes.
- ---
- **Level 2: Atlas Notes Creation**
	- Term(s) and Definition(s):
	- Key Elements/Components:
	- Key Characteristics/Attributes:
	- ---
	- Subtopics (branches): Explore different branches or specializations of the concept.
	- Subtitles (twigs): Explore every twig of every single branch.
	- Terms and definitions (leaves):(for each subtopic and subtitle)
	- Tables as Descriptors (Can be a list, comparison chart, and/or process):
	- ---
	- Inquiry: Inquiry-based questions (What, When, Where, How, and Why):
	- Affirmation(s): Key questions this concept addresses or solves:
	- Dissension(s): Consider criticisms, counterarguments, and dissenting views.
	- Similarities: Identify similar or related ideas/concepts.
	- Dissimilarities: Identify dissimilar or unrelated ideas/concepts.
	- Application(s): Investigate practical applications, successful uses, and real-world examples.
	- Integration(s): Synthesize the understanding gained from all directions into a holistic view.
- ---
- **Level 3: Map of Contents Composition**
	- Workflows/Processes/Methodologies:
	- Exercises / Practice / Code challenges:
	- Examples and Case Studies:
	- Projects (Mine): Projects already planned, in process, or completed
	- Projects (External sources): Completed projects from other sources to be reversed engineered to deepen understanding.
	- Experimentation ideas: Ideas for future/potential projects
	- Reflection(s):
		- Gaps in Knowledge:
		- Unresolved Questions:
		- Future Explorations:
	- Teaching using the Feynman Method:
		- Create a learning plan?
			- You can format it as a fictional story to make it more creative
			- Or a step-by-step tutorial style with in-depth explanations
		- Put words in simple terms. Avoid jargon.
		- Get the big picture idea and break it down into subtopics.
		- Always ask, why?
			- Why is this important?
			- Why does this happen?"
	- Use the Whole-part-Whole technique:
		- Understand the big picture/idea, break it down, and make sure to connect the smaller parts back to the big picture. Combine them together.