- # [[Note Taking]] [[Thinking Framework]]
  collapsed:: true
	- v0.1
		- I have a new paradigm for learning, I'll describe it to you and you let me know if there's already a name for it, potential flaws, similar systems, etc. These notes are for me and for me only.
		- I believe in the 21st century, we should be aiming to memorize as little as possible. In the digital information age, we should be aiming to build, deep knowledge structures (top 3 level of Bloom's Taxonomy). I want to offload as much storage of knowledge as possible to PKM notebooks (Obsidian, Logseq, Notion, etc.) instead of our brains and use this information to build more complex knowledge structures.
		- Albert Einstein said that anything that can be referred shouldn't be memorized.
		- So how does learning happen?
		- Well we will build our digital knowledge garden in our choice of a PKM notebook using the Zettlekasten method ([[Atomic Notes]], Fleeting thoughts, Literature Notes, Permanent Notes) and then compose those building blocks into concepts, then workflows, then exercises, then projects, then thinking frameworks.
		- Then we will cross-pollinate the concepts, workflows, exercises and projects to synthesize new ideas for all 4 categories. The goal is to have a well pronounced digital garden in a domain and begin to creating automations at the project level (if possible).
		- So the steps would be:
			- Documentation (PKM notebook, bi-directional linking, Atomic Notes, Building block composition)
			- Synthesis of information (deep digital gardening)
			- Templates (Text Expanders to code/text generate workflows/projects)
			- Automation (Generates workflows/projects automatically)
		- Let me know your thoughts.
		  ---
		- Now I need a way to notate this information Zettlekasten Atomic Note style. Again, the idea I have is something like this:
		- Level 1: Atomic Note (will be mostly used for terms and definitions,
			- can be fleeting/random thoughts, a question/answer pair, etc.)
		- Level 2: Compose these Atomic Notes into concepts (could be laid out like MoCs in Obsidian, but it doesnt have to be), which includes, but not limited to:
			- term and definition (composed via block embed from the Atomic Note) <- The What How it works, its relationship(s) or opposition(s)to other concepts <- The How
			- When it is used/not used (best practices, anti best practices) <- The When
			- Where this concept is used/not used (best practices, anti best practices) <- The Where
			  	<add some of your recommendations here if you can>
			- Level 3: Create Workflows from level 2 and import othr workflow from other sources (ex. How to create a Neural Network)
			  	<add some of your recommendations here if you can>
			- Level 4: Project. Which will compose parts or all 3 other levels and even imported projects from other sources (Github)
			  	<add some of your recommendations here if you can>
			- I have yet to add a formal method to synthesize knowledge based on previous documented knowledge. If you have a method, I'd love to here about that as well.
		- So there it is, feel free to add, remix, critisize, completely rewrite this strategy.
		- Compas of Zettlekasten thinking (North, South, East, West)
			- You imagine one Atomic idea/concept in the middle and you go in 4 different directions
				- North: Where does this idea come from?
				- West: Whats similar to this idea?
				- East: Whats opposite of this idea?
				- South: Where can this idea lead to?
- # [[Reverse Engineering]] [[Projects]] to extrapolate [[Thinking Framework]]
	- v0.1
		- We will use [[Dr. Joel Chan]] 's [[Knowledge Synthesis Framework]] for this task.
			-